Entered is very much Hello this time I tg agency is the agent deck value ordering
Hyperion is my sister
Earth is good
8 Venus is three and the holy shine ball that
Ett me Allah is 2 and striker 1
Three rounds of waling are the best, and rush rino is the best
One is one junk sink Ron Goes is 10,000 yen or events
Critter is walked to a single card-gurdy
Mister is like this
The magic is two cyclones
Ostorm dances 1
Gouken will go is two and killing blue
Strap
Libide 5
With Imai
em 1 is the best
Torrent is'm down to two and Do not rough picture
I paper system is a good two and a war is the best ne
It feels like this
Hey
The regulation was newly revised and I was able to see it in six cases
Go east
Well there are a lot of unusual things, right?
My name is Shirai
I think it is good personally because I think it can be used normally
Toma veler has become this guy
Atowa Well Yeah I'm Allah states have increased the ne equivalent stability Nde became two
How does it become good after all that the earth becomes after all two pieces?
Say when Well I Tsugitsu is But different I say I was more and more means to search for the Venus
Somewhat Star Ferio Tsuya
It became easy to use very very much so far and still after 3 venus
I grounding was the only one
Sperion is still an accident
I guess cherry blossoms are still due
I considered it as a danger, and I thought it was a two- packed person
Now that hunt down even fishing's
Well worth
I think I've done some good harp
Well there was no rack to adopt Jupiter, but it feels a bit weird
Given the wind to say beat alone the time also Opion Well, at the end
'M luster passenger ship value ordering
Well only after back basically thickened Was Well Kara cleat or dark circles measures or Nea
After taking measures against thickness and making it thicker, I only put one more sheet, though .
Because it can be done quite well if this is used in drafts and parliaments
Is it strong if you decide to put only one and
People who say that he hates this well I think that some red is strong enough to have it be the strongest
More yes
Well Rush Rhino is normal
In addition, it is strong against the natural enemy, and if it says, it is included
Well I use it ao
I net guy Wöhler is now this guy is after Well after all
There is also a range of effects that are wider than Vera and Bunny monsters
Than not to leave, for example,
With making a damn thing against rudeness Toka blade that around the contraption generals
You can destroy it by hitting it .
Trick is Yappa also to say to deploy rely rely on the effect of Well after all Komachi
But if you use it
I can prevent Wise protests
For example, it is a solicitation number after summoning to a tuner normal, for example
Just general
I can not stop if you say so I'm going to say I'm weird monsters times
Got a Nde come out a big good monster method to issue such Toka trick without the intervention
In Uma Buu by still using the likes sometimes Well probability was this activity the testimony Koitsu
That's what commercial tomb sister is like, what are you saying
Well I do not know when the situation is for the time being is to put a hole in me Well that I painful costume down measures
I 'm sorry I have a post pain
Wöhler it might be good, but we are on this guy Well for now
It's such a place, I wonder if it is necessary to use samba honestly for charcoal if you have a cardie .
There are some tough places in 9
After the Well in what over especially unusual is not the point was whether I really ordinary behalf ne template Street
In
Ahahaha I want you to be able to introduce you so much now, but this is a place like this
Thank you for wanting to end